duktape-java - A Java binding for [Duktape](http://duktape.org/)
================================================================

This projects aims to expose the complete [Duktape API](http://duktape.org/api.html) to Java. This is done by generating the method stubs according to the API before the needed C code is generated by [javacpp](https://github.com/bytedeco/javacpp).

# Features
- Used Duktape version: 1.5.0
- Bindings for 248 out of 262 API functions (94.66% coverage)

# Functions that still need bindings
- `duk_push_error_object`
- `duk_error`
- `duk_decode_string`
- `duk_push_sprintf`
- `duk_log_va`
- `duk_push_vsprintf`
- `duk_log`
- `duk_debugger_attach`
- `duk_get_memory_functions`
- `duk_map_string`
- `duk_push_error_object_va`
- `duk_put_number_list`
- `duk_debugger_attach_custom`
- `duk_error_va`

# Example usage
```java
import static org.duktape.duktapejava.Duktape.*;

public class Example {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        duk_context ctx = duk_create_context();

        duk_push_global_object(ctx);
        duk_push_java_function(ctx, (context) -> {
            System.out.println("Hello from Java!");
            return 0;
        }, 0);
        duk_put_prop_string(ctx, -2, "javaFunction");
        duk_pop(ctx);

        duk_eval_string(ctx, "javaFunction();");

        duk_destroy_heap(ctx);
    }
}
```

# Known issues

# Building
To run the Example the project must be built completely to generate the needed
Java files.  

## Preperations
This step will be automated at some point.  
Make sure to use the correct Duktape Version (1.5.0) for the files you copy.
- Copy the contents of [website/api from the Duktape Repoistory](https://github.com/svaarala/duktape/tree/master/website/api) into `duktape-api/`
- Copy `duk_config.h`, `duktape.h` and `duktape.c` into `src/main/c`

## Compilation
The native binding is currently only tested under Linux and the build process is
not completely finished. But with some tweaks to the `build.gradle` file it should
compile on other platforms.
- `./gradlew build` or `gradlew.bat build`

# Authors
- Rene Hollander `<rene@rene8888.at>`

# License
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Rene Hollander

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
